# Contribution Guidelines

## Adding an awesome security community edition.

The markdown is currently generated by a source YAML and python script. They will be merged into a pipeline in the future.

## Adding something to an awesome list

If you have something awesome to contribute to an awesome list please utilize the issues until the pipeline is in place.

## Awesome Security Community Edition Requirements

This list generally requires tools that offer long-term Community Editions (CE) derived from their enterprise counterparts. The primary objective is to identify software that provides sustained value without the constraints of short-term trials, enabling users to integrate and familiarize themselves with the tool over a more extended period. While open-source nature is preferred, it is not a mandatory criterion for this list. The goal is to curate a list of enterprise-grade tools that recognize and cater to the broader community through free, long-term versions without compromising the core functionality that makes them standout in their respective domains.

- :heavy_check_mark: :mortar_board: Functionally useful to a hobbist, researcher or student.
- :heavy_check_mark: :low_brightness: Feature limitations allowed if it remains functionally usable.
- :heavy_check_mark: :hourglass_flowing_sand: No time-based limitations.
- :heavy_check_mark: :godmode: Usage is free.
- :heavy_check_mark: :shipit: Commercial use limitations are allowed.
- :heavy_check_mark: :globe_with_meridians: Products can be Cloud or On-Prem.

### NIST 800-61

Additional tools around case management, call-outs, governance and documentation have also been included based on the premise this list's objective is to help students and others have a scaled model of a security operations organization.
